README.md, before:

# vSnippets

Video embed only the part you want!
https://vsnippets.com

### Repository

https://github.com/masterylabs/vsnippets

## Resources

- https://vuetifyjs.com/en
- https://materialdesignicons.com/
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/Events/Media_events
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Video_and_audio_APIs
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTML_Drag_and_Drop_API
- https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference
- https://developer.vimeo.com/player/sdk

### Test Videos

- https://www.dropbox.com/s/kr9h38xhsawuknp/countdown.mp4?raw=1
- https://vimeo.com/14213714
- https://youtu.be/PzbZiBq9Cs4

Three Second Test Video Grey:
https://youtu.be/1O0yazhqaxs

Three Second Test Video Blue
https://youtu.be/18DYQVYKqTU

Three Second Test Video Red
https://youtu.be/-c4yVUrVCzw

Three Second Test Video Green
https://youtu.be/gkZEhCeeXkI

## Suggestions to core

- install client and fix lint errors
- mods
- client layouts
- client test in wp admin

## Changes to core

-- added MetaModel with support for nested objects
-- add helper function masteryl_object_merge
-- client license defaults to empty object, changes validLicense sate, and App.vue
-- fixed MediaField.vue in client
-- core vsnippet.php file
-- add helper functions: masteryl_get_plugin_path, masteryl_is_dev,
-- extensions module supporting routes

Commit message:

version 1.0.1 fixed player trimmer dissapearing. Updated readme

README.md, after:

# vSnippets

Video embed only the part you want!
https://vsnippets.com

### Repository

https://github.com/masterylabs/vsnippets

## Resources

- https://vuetifyjs.com/en
- https://materialdesignicons.com/
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/Events/Media_events
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Video_and_audio_APIs
- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTML_Drag_and_Drop_API
- https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference
- https://developer.vimeo.com/player/sdk

### Test Videos

- https://www.dropbox.com/s/kr9h38xhsawuknp/countdown.mp4?raw=1
- https://vimeo.com/14213714
- https://youtu.be/PzbZiBq9Cs4

Three Second Test Video Grey:
https://youtu.be/1O0yazhqaxs

Three Second Test Video Blue
https://youtu.be/18DYQVYKqTU

Three Second Test Video Red
https://youtu.be/-c4yVUrVCzw

Three Second Test Video Green
https://youtu.be/gkZEhCeeXkI

## Suggestions to core

- install client and fix lint errors
- mods
- client layouts
- client test in wp admin

## Changes to core

-- added MetaModel with support for nested objects (added to starter app)
-- add helper function masteryl_object_merge (added to starter app)
-- client license defaults to empty object, changes validLicense sate, and App.vue (updated in starter app)
-- fixed MediaField.vue in client (updated in starter app)
-- core vsnippet.php file
-- add helper functions: masteryl_get_plugin_path, masteryl_is_dev, (added to starter app)
-- extensions module supporting routes (added to starter app)
